PR template comment on CI update checks (#997)
informalsystems/quint: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] Documentation added for any new functionality
- [ ] Entries added to the respective `CHANGELOG.md` for any new functionality
- [ ] Feature table on [`README.md`](../README.md#roadmap) updated for any listed functionality

<!--

> There are also some checks in the CI that enforce updates. This is only a
> heads up in case your checks unexpectedly fail, but you can also run these
> update commands preemptively to avoid any surprises:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some common CI checks and how to fix them (if failing):
```

- The formatting in all files is consistent with the project's style.
   - Run `npm run format` to automatically format all files.

> - The `examples/README.md` file must be updated if any new examples are added or
>   if their ability to go through each stage of the pipeline changes.
>    - Run `make examples` to automatically update this file locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `examples/README.md` file contains all Quint files in `examples/`
  and correctly lists their ability to go through pipeline stages.
   - Run `make examples` to automatically regenerate this file locally.
```
